CONTRIBUTING.md: extend section on getting your PR merged (#350227)
NixOS/nixpkgs: CONTRIBUTING.md

### How can I get a committer to look at my PR?

> - Improve skimmability: use a simple descriptive PR title (details go in commit titles) outlining _what_ is done, possibly also _why_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve skimmability: use a simple descriptive PR title (details go in commit titles) outlining _what_ is done and _why_.
```

The why is the most important thing of any communication that isn't the code itself. If the the diff is huge, a "what" is helpful, and most changes should be small anyway in order to be reviewable.

There are some further pitfalls and realities which this section intends to make you aware of.

### Aim to reduce cycles

Please be prepared for it to take a while before the reviewer gets back to you after you respond.

> This is simply the reality of community projects at the scale of nixpkgs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is simply the reality of community projects at the scale of Nixpkgs.
```

Please see it as your responsibility to actively remind reviewers of your open PRs.

The easiest way to do so is to cause them a Github notification.
Github notifies people involved in the PR whenever you add a comment to your PR, push your PR or re-request their review.
Doing any of that will get you people's attention again.

> Everyone deserves proper attention, and yes that includes you!

Reviewer 2: Hm, not sure how I feel about this piece of advice. I really do want to get across that committer attention isn't infinite or can in any way be *expected*.

Author: I myself struggled for a long time to overcome the feeling that I don't deserve to take up any space. Asking for attention is a major blocker for some.

Author: this is also why i prefer to avoid terms like "simply", since it is not that simple for many

Reviewer 2: I can certainly feel where you're coming from here. Perhaps there's a wording that captures both realities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone deserves proper attention, and yes that includes you! Please be mindful that committers are not always able to give everyone the attention they deserve however.
```

Author: :shipit:
